All licensees must familiarize themselves
with the specific regulatory requirements
associated with Bill 21 and the Forest Operations Map.
These requirements include an obligation to provide public
notice of the availability of a FOM for review and comment.
Licensees are required to publish a notice
regarding the review and comment period in two places:
once in a local newspaper, and
once on a publicly available website.
The FOM webtool can help you comply
with this requirement in two ways:
by helping you formally submit evidence of
the newspaper notice to government,
and by posting the mandatory online notice
directly on the platform.
Note that the review and comment period is 30 days,
and begins on the date specified in your public notices.
Your notices must include a business address and hours
during which the FOM is available for review and comment.
The notices must also state the 30-day timeframe for review
and comment, along with the 3-year validity period.
Once you’ve posted notice in a local
newspaper, you can upload it to the FOM webtool
and create your online public notice
following the steps outlined in this module.
Doing so fulfils your obligation to advertise
the FOM on a publicly-available website.